---
layout: reports
permalink: /reports/3/
tagline: "On 9 July 2018 I discovered a remote code execution vulnerability and data breach on caamanitoba.com"
image:
  feature:
  hero:
report-id: GWA-2018-003
---

## Summary
On 9 July 2018 I notified caamanitoba.com of a Remote Code Execution vulnerability caused by [CVE-2018-7600](https://www.drupal.org/sa-core-2018-002) aka Drupalgeddon 2. At the time I also indicated that I had evidence that this vulnerability had likely already been exploited by a malicious party.

## Proof of Concept

As I did not wish to actually exploit the RCE and only verify its existence, I used the tool [Drupwn by the ImmunIT Team](https://github.com/immunIT/drupwn) to confirm my findings.

```shell
$ drupwn exploit https://caamanitoba.com

[-] Version not specified, trying to identify it

[+] Version detected: 7.0

Commands available: list | quit | check [CVE_NUMBER] | exploit [CVE_NUMBER]

Drupwn> list
+---------------+----------------------------------------+------------------------+
|      CVE      |              Description               |   Versions affected    |
+---------------+----------------------------------------+------------------------+
| CVE-2018-7600 |        Remote Command Execution        | 7.x < 7.58 & 8.x < 8.1 |
| CVE-2018-7602 | Authenticated Remote Command Execution |      7.x <= 7.58       |
+---------------+----------------------------------------+------------------------+

Drupwn> check CVE-2018-7600

[+] Application vulnerable

Drupwn> exit
```

## Evidence of Previous Compromise
This issue was originally discovered due to a sudden increase of CRA (Canada Revenue Agency) [phishing emails originating from opac-cornouaille.fr](https://gist.github.com/glitchwitch/12ed258ca6a85b3629a756005c5178a1). Later it was confirmed that a number of recipients of this phishing campaign had also been caamanitoba.com customers.

The headers in the phishing email indicate it was sent from opac-cornouaille.fr `185.183.60.228`. The email header also includes the following line `X-Php-Originating-Script: 33:eb.php`, which lists the UID 33 `www-data` and the script `eb.php`.

Upon further investigation it appeared that opac-cornouaille.fr was also vulnerable to CVE-2018-7600, however they patched their installation within hours of initial discovery.

---

In one instance, a unique email address that had been used during signup to caamanitoba.com on 06 June 2018 had been sent the aforementioned phishing email. The email address in question – a unique email forwarder – consisted of a 24 character string (similar to `███-███████-june-06-2018@redactedcatchall.tld`) and had not been provided to any other service. Since then this forwarder has not seen any other emails, spam or otherwise.


At the time of writing this, none of those same users had reported fraudulent transactions on credit cards they had provided to caamanitoba.com, however it is still possible that attackers could have stolen that information.

## Recommended Actions

 - Updated the Drupal to the latest version
 - Change credentials of users and database
 - Investigate the extent of the breach
 - Notify customers of the breach

## Remediation Status

At the time of publishing this report the reported issue has been resolved.

## Response From Affected Party

### Response from infosec@caasco.com 20 Aug 2018
>Hello,
>
>We are now patched.  Thanks for the notification.
>
>https://glitchwitch.io/reports/
>
>
>George
>
>Please consider the environment before printing this e-mail. WARNING - CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE This e-mail and any attachments may contain confidential and privileged information. Any use, disclosure, copying or dissemination of this information by a person other than an intended recipient is not authorized and may be illegal. If you are not an intended recipient, please notify the sender immediately by return e-mail, delete this e-mail and destroy any copies.
